CM-49357 - Improve project README readability (#319)
cycodehq/cycode-cli: README.md

     ./cycode
     ```

> 3. Finally authenticate the CLI, there are three methods to set the Cycode client ID and client secret:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. Finally authenticate the CLI. There are three methods to set the Cycode client ID and client secret:
```

#### Severity Option

To limit the results of the scan to a specific severity threshold, the argument `--severity-threshold` can be added to the scan command.

> For example the following command will scan the repository for policy violations that have severity of Medium or higher:

Reviewer: Nit pick, sorry 🙈 
```suggestion
For example, the following command will scan the repository for policy violations that have severity of Medium or higher:
```

To push scan results tied to the [SCA policies](https://docs.cycode.com/docs/sca-policies) found in an SCA type scan to Cycode, add the argument `--monitor` to the scan command.

> For example the following command will scan the repository for SCA policy violations and push them to Cycode platform:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For example, the following command will scan the repository for SCA policy violations and push them to Cycode platform:
```

`cycode scan repository {{path}}`

> For example, in a scenario in which you want to scan your repository stored in `~/home/git/codebase`. You could then execute the following:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For example, if you wanted to scan a repository stored in `~/home/git/codebase`, you could execute the following:
```

Terraform plan file must be in JSON format (having `.json` extension)

> If you just have a configuration file you can generate a plan by doing the following:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you just have a configuration file, you can generate a plan by doing the following:
```

### Soft Fail

> In normal operation the CLI will return an exit code of `1` when issues are found in the scan results. Depending on your CI/CD setup this will usually result in an overall failure. However, if you dont want this to happen you can use the soft fail feature.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In normal operation the CLI will return an exit code of `1` when issues are found in the scan results. Depending on your CI/CD setup this will usually result in an overall failure. If you don't want this to happen, you can use the soft fail feature.
```

> By adding the `--soft-fail` option to any type of scan, the exit code will be forced to `0` regardless of if any results are found or not.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By adding the `--soft-fail` option to any type of scan, the exit code will be forced to `0` regardless of whether any results are found.
```
